Move lb port definition from ScalewayCluster to Cluster (#29)
scaleway/cluster-api-provider-scaleway: docs/scalewaycluster.md

When creating a `ScalewayCluster`, a "main" Load Balancer is always created.
It is also possible to specify "extra" Load Balancers to achieve regional redundancy.

#### Front API server port

The kube-apiserver Load Balancer's front port can be set at the cluster creation in the `Cluster` object.

> Here is an example of the main Load Balancer port configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of Load Balancer frontend port configuration:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Cluster
metadata:
  name: my-cluster
  namespace: default
spec:

>   ...
>   clusterNetwork:
>     apiServerPort: 443
>   ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # ...
  clusterNetwork:
    apiServerPort: 443
  # ...
```

> When `private` is set to `true`, make sure your management cluster has network access
> to the Private Network where the workload cluster will be created.

The main Load Balancer's port can be set at the cluster creation in the `Cluster` object.

Here is an example of the main Load Balancer port configuration:

```yaml
apiVersion: cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Cluster
metadata:
  name: my-cluster
  namespace: default
spec:
  ...
  clusterNetwork:
    apiServerPort: 443
  ...
```

- The `apiServerPort` field specifies the port of the Load Balancer frontend that exposes the kube-apiserver(s).

>   This field is immutable.

Reviewer: Specifying `apiServerPort` should have an impact on both main and extra load balancers. Can you add this in a new subsection of the "Load Balancer" section?

>   This field is immutable.

Reviewer: Isn't this field actually mutable (i.e. the Kubernetes API does not prevent updating this value)?
I think we should just recommend not to change it.
